Okay.
Again?
Yeah, you should tell us about your adventure when you come back.
I've always wanted to go.
Cool.
Yeah. I think it's crazy...
You bet. I know, I keep seeing videos about it. I'm surprised you don't know.
I Mean I thought of something... Yeah. coz
I know, my friends told me it's like just China has it, like nowhere else has it.
Cause like it's so weird. No.
Hot Pot, and dancing, and males.... I don't know. They'll loose if they touches me.
I don't even know what they do. but I always
want a dog. I don't know.
Are you gonna eat?... What do they have, the street food there?
Do you know? I don't know how....
I know that, I feel like they're more...
Yeah, they eat duck.
Oh, great to know. Okay.
Okay.
One one space. I don't know.
Water? Why wa... Okay. Uh. Yeah.
I want...
Me?
I'm gonna go to Japan this year, later this year.
So, In my vacation, I want to go like China.
or Taiwan I'm going to China someday
Yeah. You can't stop me.
Of course. Don't worry, I'm not gonna die.
It is cheaper. And Taiwan is really cheap here.
I know, right? I would love to do that.
I- I want to see more of Asia. You know.
Yeah. I'll go travel then.
Uh.
Okay, okay. How about the street food in Taiwan?
Like ha...
Like like, What kind of food?
Trusting it?
That's true.
Like off the street. What do you eat?
Yeah exactly.
Oh.
But...
Yeah.
I'm pretty sure... Yeah.
Maybe just like find one that isn't sketchy, like doesn't look sketchy.
Really?
eng...
Oh...
What?
Yeah. Oh, that's...
Yeah.
Where you stuffing  it?
Oh...
Oh.
Okay.
That's creepy.
Huh?
Why?
Germs and stuff.
Okay, good to know.
What?
Why do you know all these creepy facts about?
eew...
No way!  tub huh?
What?
It's kinda scary but it's good to know though. Really uh...